Add new Telemetry config options (#9238)
hashicorp/vault: website/pages/docs/configuration/telemetry.mdx

The following options are available on all telemetry configurations.

- `cluster_name` `(string: "")` - Specifies the name of the cluster for use in metric labeling.

> - `usage_gauge_period` `(string: "10m")` - Specifies the duration between gauge collections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `usage_gauge_period` `(string: "10m")` - Specifies the interval at which high-cardinality usage data is collected, such as token counts, entity counts, and secret counts.
```
